docs: bump on introduction page documentation (#196)
kelvininc/ui-components: packages/react-ui-components/src/stories/foundation/Introduction/Introduction.stories.mdx

initialize({ baseAssetsUrl: '/clients/' });

```

## Aditional Information

When using components with props that can assume the value undefined, if no default value is defined, Stencil will consider the undefined value after the first render.

Considering the following example where, tooltipDelay prop can be undefined:

```tsx
const ComponentWrapper({
	text,
	tooltipText,
	tooltipDelay,
	onButtonClick
}) {
	return (
		<KvTooltip text={tooltipText} delay={tooltipDelay}>
			<KvActionButtonText
				type={EActionButtonType.Primary}
				text={text}
				size={EComponentSize.Small}
				onClickButton={this.onButtonClick}>
			</KvActionButtonText>
		</KvTooltip>
	);
}
```

> At the first time that the button is hovered, the tooltip will assume a 1 second delay that is defined in our KvTooltip component. However, if you pass the prop to the tooltip and its value is undefined, Stencil will consider the prop as undefined.
> 
> If you want your undefined props to assume a default value, please consider defining it like it`s shown in the example bellow:

Reviewer: Suggestion

```suggestion
At first render, the `KvTooltip` will assume its prop default value of 1 second. However, when the `ComponentWrapper` re-renders, this prop value will be set to `undefined` overwriting the previous value of 1 second. This happens because the `KvTooltip` doesn't fall back to the default value when a prop is `undefined`, it simply uses that value when the component is mounted.

If you want to work around this behaviour please consider setting your drilled prop to a default value as it's shown in the example below:
```

Author: Excellent improve! Will update 👍
